[powerful yell]
[grunt]
[collective gasp]
[panicked yell]
Oof! [sigh]
[collective sigh]
Ahh. He couldn't do it...
It really looked like he would
make it this time.
Ow ow ow...
Hey there Denki.
It's not just
about how much you focus.
The thing is...
It also needs to feel like it's
kind of a drag
Um, what do you mean, "a drag"?
When you're working with
chakra...
...you've gotta use your
physical and spiritual
energy...you know?
Infuse the two of them together.
Like that!
Then let it all flow
delicately to the soles of your
feet.
After you make that happen, it's
all about how stable you can
keep it. Understand?
Huh? Hmm...
It's important to be aware of
Chakra Points...
...and also of the
Chakra network that connects
them all together.
Uh, what?
And to put it simply, you have
to be stylish.
You'll never
succeed unless you do it with
style, like me.
Uh...
But you're not really all that
stylish...
I'm talking about the inside.
What's...
in...
side.
If you're stylish on the
inside...then...
...you'll smoothly infuse
chakra.
Hmm...
So like I said before...
Just make it stable.
It'll seem easy. Once you get
the knack.
Remember to be stylish!
You can't do it if you're
nervous.
Yeah!
I don't understand a word any of
you are saying to me!
[throwing a tantrum]
Hey... Don't you think you're
being just a little impatient?
I'm not used to being a failure.
I've never flunked a test
before.
I've always been a
great student.
You're certainly straightforward
about it.
If...if I fail ninjutsu, I'll
get held back a year.
I'll be a repeater like Iwabe
is.
I can't let that happen, I just
can't!
Oh, hey it's Iwabe!
[embarrassed gasp]
Um... Well, um...
Well. Talking about it isn't
gonna help you climb the
wall.
(Shino) You keep obsessing about
tests.
But that's not the only thing
that's important...
...Tests cannot determine a
person's quality. It's because
that's not‐‐
Oh wow, Denki. That was totally
uncool.
Yeah it was. You really
shouldn't have said that about
Iwabe.
As I was saying‐‐
I'd hate having to
repeat a grade.
[mortified
gasps]
I'd be so
embarrassed!
[mortified
gasps]
Right?
[laughing]
I have to pass.
I have to pass!
[powerful yell]
Ah!
[grunt]
[gasp]
(Metal) I have been observing
you for a while.
Your technique looks like it
could be dangerous.
I will practice wall‐climbing
with you!
Metal...
We cannot have you getting
hurt‐‐especially before the
test!
[sigh]
Hm?
Why does wall‐climbing have to
be a part of the ninjutsu exam?
[chuckle] It is funny Denki, you
have no problems with written
tests.
Yet wall climbing
presents a challenge.
It won't matter how well I do
on the written tests.
If I fail ninjutsu, I probably
won't be able to graduate.
Perhaps I'm not ready to
graduate.
[grunt]
Ah!
No weakness!
At times like these...
you must continue to practice
relentlessly until you finally
get it right!
(Metal) I must train harder as
well, so that I do not get
nervous during the real test!
[struggling grunts]
Is this how you normally train??
Absolutely!
I start my day with rock
climbing each and every morning.
And then I go to the Academy!
(Denki) H‐He's too much...
No! Unless I put in this much
work, I'll end up having to
repeat a grade!
[scared yelling]
Denki, no!
[terrified scream]
(Rock Lee) [landing grunt]
Thank you so‐‐ Huh?!
[chuckle]
(Denki) What bold features!
Poppa!
P‐Poppa?!
[emotional wailing]
Uh... Excuse me what's going
on?!
Putting in extra training to
improve your ninjutsu...
You are absolutely in the throes
of youth! [laugh]
[pained whimpering]
Oh, sorry, sorry. I am just so
happy!
O...kay.
If that is the situation, then
practice as much as you want!
Who cares about whether you fall
sometimes?
I will stay right here to watch
over you!
[stunned]
What's the point? I don't know
if this is ever gonna stick...
Hey...are you taking this
seriously?
Shut up! This stuff isn't easy.
Explain it again!
This isn't looking good.
Yeah. Looks like he's beyond our
help.
Like I said...
Imagine
this...
Boruto isn't the best choice for
a teacher either.
and then you slam in the formula
right in there...
[frustrated growl]
You know Denki would be better.
He'd be the best choice for a
teacher.
But after the comment Denki
made, why would Iwabe want Denki
to teach him anything at all?
That idiot.
Hm?
Yeah, well.
Hmmm.
[deep breaths]
You fell many times today. I
think we should continue
tomorrow.
Yeah!
Excuse me...
Do you have any more tips or
instructions for me?
Please, I'll take every bit of
your advice!
(Denki) It's just...it's just
that I absolutely have to pass
the test!
That spirit...
That is what youth is about.
However... One's youth is not
merely for that alone.
You must keep that in mind, too,
as you move forward in life.
Sure...?
All right! Because you are such
a hard worker, I have a special
gift for you!
Huh?
Made with the latest Ninja Tool
technology to aid in your
success!
It has amazing breathability. It
is waterproof, fireproof and
sold by...
...special order only!
Uh...this is great. Thanks, you
guys.
[sigh]
(Denki) [powerful yell]
[confused gasp]
[deep breaths]
[grunt]
[landing grunt]
Iwabe!
You're back at it again today,
huh?
I was able to climb a little bit
higher.
But let's face it. I have a long
way to go. At this rate, I'll
have to repeat‐‐
Uh‐‐I'm so sorry!
The way you've been doing it is
never going to work.
Huh?
Listen, the most important thing
is to calm down first and focus.
It should feel like you're just
trying to relax.
Okay. I think I get it.
[grunt]
[gasp]
I did it! I actually did it,
Iwabe!
[landing grunt]
Save your celebrating until
after you can climb higher.
[chuckle]
You were a little wobbly, but
you didn't exert any unnecessary
strength.
Just remember what
that felt like.
That was amazing. You explained
it much better than everyone
else did!
Of course, I did. When
it comes to ninjutsu, I'm the
one at the top of the class.
[sighs in awe]
Thanks to you, I finally got the
knack! I'm really grateful.
But uh...why did you decide to
help me all of a sudden?
Truth is...it was horrible of me
to call you a repeater the other
day.
[excited chatter and laughter]
(Iwabe) When you repeat a grade,
you lose all your friends.
Nobody should have to go through
that.
Uh...
[running breaths] Iwabe...How's
your school work coming?
I could...you know, help
you if you wanted me to, that
is...
Oh, don't worry about me. I hit
the books every chance I get.
I'm doing just great at school.
[chuckle]
Huh?
Is this...
Uh, well...that does happen
sometimes.
Why would you need to lie to me?
I can help you study!
Oh...
You probably don't want my help.
Don't be so stupid.
Look, I just don't want you
taking any time away from your
own training
simply to help me out.
If anyone's gonna repeat a
grade, it'll be me.
Anyway, don't worry about it!
Believe it or not, I don't give
up easily.
I'll figure it out by myself‐‐
You're okay with repeating?!
You know...after I met Boruto, I
realized that ninjutsu was
amazing.
And I didn't want to run away
anymore from my dad or anything
else.
That's why I chose Ninjutsu
Studies.
Because I want to be a shinobi
with Boruto.
(Denki) No... I don't mean just
I mean our whole class.
And I want the two of us to be
shinobi together, Iwabe!
[small gasp]
So you just have to let me tutor
you! And in exchange, you'll
teach me ninjutsu.
Denki...
Let's work together! Let's show
everyone we're good enough to
pass our tests!
Alright already!
I guess...you leave me no
choice.
Let's do this!
I'll give this studying thing
another shot...
[happy sigh] That's great,
Iwabe!
Damn it! All this stuff just
isn't sticking!! Damn it!
Come on. You've only been
working in that textbook for
five minutes!
What should we do?
Oh!
I know!
[confused reactions]
[strained groaning]
Woah.
I think this actually gonna
work!
You've been studying for thirty
minutes already!
[chuckles]
'K next!
Your concentration is always
amazing when you infuse it with
chakra.
So I thought this
technique might be just
perfect for you.
Wow... You're right! So that's
how a switch box is wired!
Can I ask you something else?
Of course, you can! As long as
it's about electricity.
(Iwabe) How do you do this one?
You solve problems like that
with the simultaneous equations
we just learned in class!
Of course!
I see. I got it!
(Mitsuki) Huh? What's going on?
(Shikadai) Don't ask me...
Hey!
You workin' hard?! I brought
everybody some snacks!
And no worries; this is my
treat.
Did you spend all of your
allowance?
Uh! Who cares about that?
I'm just here to offer you guys
some moral support.
[chuckle] Oh, really?
Thanks, Boruto.
Yeah, man.
Come on now! Just eat up!
(Everyone) Thanks for the
burger! [chomp]
It's hot!
So spicy! What the hell did you
bring us?
Huh?
(Boruto) It's the new Ghost
Pepper Burger.
[laugh] I wanted to try it
because it's supposed to be
hotter
than their old Habanero Burger.
[chomp]
Hot!!!
[morning chatter]
Today's our test.
Yeah.
We were able to push each other
to do really good work.
Thanks, Iwabe, I meant it!
Hey now, that's my line... But I
think we should save it until
we finish taking the test.
We put in so much effort and
hard work, i'm sure we're gonna
pass this time!
You're right.
Finally. It's finally gonna
happen today.
(laugh)
(Villager) Fire!
Huh?
(Fire Alarm)
That's a huge fire...
We have to do something to help.
But Iwabe... We'll be late for
the test!
But...
It'll be okay. I'm sure the
firefighters will get here real
soon.
We just need to go
take our test.
yeah, you're right.
My children are still inside
that building!
Ma'am, please calm down!
I've got to go get them! Let go
of me! Let go! Let go!
Iwabe, come back!
(Iwabe) You stay right there!
Where are they?!
Ohh!
(Children Crying)
It's gonna be okay. Don't
panic... Is this all of you?
Uh‐huh.
This isn't an old building. The
sprinkler system should have
activated already.
Could it be broken?
where's Iwabe?
Begin!
You pass!
Those guys should've been here
by now.
Those pepper burgers you
bought yesterday probably got to
them. Maybe they're sick...?
Uhhhh!?!
My stomach's been messed up,
too, come to think of it.
Uhhhh...
You're all gonna be okay!
(Iwabe Thinking) Three of
them... There's no way I can
carry them all.
(Flames Roaring)
Earth Style...
Mud Wall!
(Children Screaming)
Not good! We can't get around
it!
There has to be... something I
can do!
Hmm!...
(Crowd Murmuring)
Iwabe's not coming out.
Hmm!
haaaaaa!!!
Ugh! With heat this intense I...
It's just...it's just that I
absolutely have to pass the
test!
That spirit...
That is what youth is about.
However, one's youth is not
merely for that alone. You must
keep that in mind, too.
Iwabe!
A Mud Wall!
Uhhh!
(Kids Coughing)
Iwabe!
Denki?!
Do you need help with that?
No need. It's all right! I just
finished!
(Switch Click)
(Water Spraying)
Can you carry one of the,?
Yeah, sure thing!
(Crowd Gasping)
Oh you're safe!
Dammit! Why did you follow me?!
My friend jumped into a building
on fire! There's no way I'd
leave him behind!
Oh!?!
I swear... That was reckless.
Huh?
I mean...
Thank you.
Hey you know what?
You figured it out! The
sprinklers only came on because
you repaired the wiring!
Huh... And you were able to
cling up the wall.
We're totally gonna ace that
test!
yeah sure...if we're able to
take it.
Oh, well...
How strange.. Neither of the two
showed up.
Okay! The test is officially
over.
Uh wait a sec Shino Sensei.
Hmm?
Uh, well,,, The reason they're
not here is because of me. I'm
the one to blame...
I think it's because of the
hamburgers I gave them.
What are you trying to say?
Just wait for them, okay?
They were dead set on taking
this test!
Please... Sensei!
Hmm?
Uh?
Uh... I guess we didn't make it
in time...huh?
Yeah, it looks that way,
You're both late. What in the
world happened?
i understand now. It's
unfortunate you weren't able to
take the test.
Yep. Guess I'll have to try
harder next year!
We both put in a lot of good
work and I know all our efforts
weren't in vain.
You're not making any sense. Not
at all.
Huh?
You won't be taking the test
next year.
Huh?
Ahhhhh!!!!
We don't want to leave the
Academy. Please let us come back
and study next year Sensei!
Please let us take the test
again!
Heh. The point of the test i
simply to make sure
you're prepared to use the
knowledge you studied in school.
You just took the lessons you
learned and applied them in a
real‐life situation.
What else is there to test you
on?
Ahhh!?!
You're decision to place hunan
lives above a test was
exemplary!
That choice will sever to
benefit you when you two become
shinobi.
You both did quite well. You
both pass!
We passed?!
We really did it, Iwabe!
Yeah!
Thank you so much, Shino Sensei!
Hmmm!
Ahhh!
Metal:
Congratulations!
Thanks guys!
I didn't think you'd pass.
Anyway, you both did a good job
guys.
You had me super worried
for no reason at all.
But congrats!
Here's a gift!
Ahh thanks you guys!
Damn, had all of us really
going. We were starting to
panic!
Uh, Boruto, that kind of
hurts...
Sorry! I'm just happy, you
know?!
Maybe we'll be shinobi together,
Denki. What ya think?!
Yep. You're right. We'll all do
it...together!
Yeah!
So I just need to deliver this
teddy bear to the girl at the
hospital, right?
It's such an easy task. Mom
always worries too much!
Okay, which way was the hospital
again?
Wait, what? Where's the teddy
bear?! I left it on the train!
What do I do? What do I do? What
do I do?
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations... "Run, Sarada!"
Agh! i've gotta hurry and catch
up!